Rinpoche moves through teaching on the bodhisattva, KaryÄvatara, or the guide to a life of the bod
hisattva.
He teaches so many times in so many places that, particularly, I think, Baba Ling is teaching that
in the summertime.
And then so many people come to this day, and they're sitting on the open field, even the teachings
.
So then, many times, or after teaching, he will let everyone do meditation, silence meditation.
And when you do Jain, and there's one verse in the guide to a life of bodhisattva.
He says, "You, this board of the body, cross the river of the samsara,
you never know when we will get this board again, board again, and don't misuse this board."
And they joined that verse, and then everyone taught himself and everyone to meditate.
I heard that. And it's very... that's what the Raphalam translated, learning.
So that, everyone said, really joined that, and he used this meditation.
This life is so precious and so important.
We have that precious life, that.
And this for people's purposes is really so, so special.
And we're making very special, and we are voting to ourselves.
Or I treat myself, but I went to the Raphalam and I had my dearest, but every year, this life,
this precious life, you're treating so big to yourself.
Not just that you're treating, I mean, we're treating, not just you, we're treating to the others.
Too many things. It's so special.
And this great Muslim Raphalam would really give the teachings of this guide to where life's so
important each time.
And there is really, never had before that area, there is always come the very big yellow flowers.
Yellow flowers, every time, comes and those are called pro of the guide to where life's important.
We heard the student named them, because any, you never saw that flower before.
And then come that, that, so, so that is the, as I mean, blessings of this great teaching.
And that it will be my show particularly. Thank you everyone, everyone.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everyone for participating.
We do short again, very quickly, and then very quickly. Thank you.
Thank you.